// Serije i tagovi
It is Always Sunny in Philadelphia.jpg
Five friends with big egos and slightly arrogant attitudes are the proprietors of an Irish pub in Philadelphia.
TV Series, Comedy
Silicon Valley.jpg
Follows the struggle of Richard Hendricks, a Silicon Valley engineer trying to build his own company called Pied Piper.
TV Series, Comedy
The Office.jpg
A mockumentary on a group of typical office workers, where the workday consists of ego clashes, inappropriate behavior, and tedium.
TV Series, Comedy
Death Note.jpg
An intelligent high school student goes on a secret crusade to eliminate criminals from the world after discovering a notebook capable of killing anyone whose name is written into it.
TV Series, Animation, Crime, Drama
Breaking Bad.jpg
A high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer turns to manufacturing and selling methamphetamine in order to secure his family future.
TV Series, Crime, Drama, Thriller 
Brooklyn Nine-Nine.jpg
Jake Peralta, an immature, but talented N.Y.P.D. detective in Brooklyn 99th Precinct, comes into immediate conflict with his new commanding officer, the serious and stern Captain Ray Holt.
TV Series, Comedy, Crime
Futurama.jpg
Philip J. Fry, a pizza guy, is accidentally frozen in 1999 and thawed out New Year Eve 2999.
TV Series,  Animation, Comedy, Sci-Fi
Rick and Morty.jpg
An animated series that follows the exploits of a super scientist and his not-so-bright grandson.
TV Series, Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Parks and Recreation.jpg
The absurd antics of an Indiana towns public officials as they pursue sundry projects to make their city a better place.
TV Series, Comedy
Game of Thrones.jpg
Nine noble families fight for control over the mythical lands of Westeros, while an ancient enemy returns after being dormant for thousands of years.
TV Series, Action, Adventure, Drama
The Lord of the Rings- The Fellowship of the Ring.jpg
A meek Hobbit from the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to destroy the powerful One Ring and save Middle-earth from the Dark Lord Sauron. 
Movies, Adventure, Drama, Fantasy
The Matrix.jpg
A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
Movies, Action, Sci-Fi
Fight Club.jpg
An insomniac office worker and a devil-may-care soapmaker form an underground fight club that evolves into something much, much more.
Movies, Drama
Se7en.jpg
Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.
Movies, Crime, Drama, Mystery
Pulp Fiction.jpg
The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster & his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.
Movies, Crime, Drama 
Donnie Brasco.jpg
An FBI undercover agent infiltrates the mob and finds himself identifying more with the mafia life, at the expense of his regular one.
Movies, Biography, Crime, Drama
American History X.jpg
A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did.
Movies, Drama
Mystic River.jpg
The lives of three men who were childhood friends are shattered when one of them has a family tragedy.
Movies, Crime, Drama, Mystery
Superbad.jpg
Two co-dependent high school seniors are forced to deal with separation anxiety after their plan to stage a booze-soaked party goes awry.
Movies, Comedy
We are the Millers.jpg
A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico.
Movies, Comedy, Crime
